# Java

 

You can download the solution files provided in the Download code files for this article section. For Java, each of the solution files contain the code except for the proxy classes that you must generate for the WSDL.

**Note:** In this section you will learn some highlights about the provided Java code.

## Replace the WSDL file in the provided solution code

Each of the solution files provided in the articles contains a WSDL file. However, since this file does occasionally change, you should replace the adobe_analytics_service-1.4.wsdl in the **wsdl** folder with the one you downloaded.

## Set WSDL authentication

The following files are part of solution files that you can download in each article and contain the authentication information that you need to replace:

- **omtr_api_config.wsdd** - This is the XML-based deployment descriptor file in which you set your user for authentication.
- **PWCallback.java** - You use this class file, and the `setPassword()` convenience method within it, to set your shared

    ```
    secret
    ```

    .


**omtr_api_config.wsdd user parameter** 

```
<parameter name="user" value="<your Web Services User Name>" />
```

**PWCallback.java setPassword() method** 

```
pc.setPassword("<your Web Services Shared Secret>");
```

## Generate your Java proxy classes

Use the WSDL2Java tool to generate all the Java proxy classes that interface between your application and the WSDL that you downloaded.

To match the solution files, use the package structure of `com.omniture.api` when creating the proxy classes using the WSDL2Java tool.

**Note:** WSDL2Java is a command line tool that generates Java classes from an existing WSDL document. Generated classes represent client stubs, server skeletons and data types that will helps you write client-side and server Java programs for Web services defined in the WSDL document. WSDL2Java is distributed as part of the Axis2 package developed by Apache.

## Review the code to create an Adobe web service client for Java

For Java you must create an instance of the web service port class to create a client application to connect with the Adobe web service API. The web service port class is generated by the WSDL2Java utility.

The following code block is provided in each of the solution files that you can download for each article.

```
/* EngineConfiguration contains the necessary information for Axis to generate the appropriate SOAP headers for authentication/authorization */ 
EngineConfiguration config = new FileProvider("src/com/omniture/api/omtr_api_config.wsdd"); 

/* OmnitureWebService is an interface generated by WSDL2Java that extends the javax.xml.rpc.Service, and OmnitureWebServiceLocator is an implementation of OmnitureWebService. */ 
OmnitureWebServiceLocator service = new OmnitureWebServiceLocator(config); 

/* OmnitureWebServicePortType is a Java Bean generated by WSDL2Java to represent XML types defined in the WSDL schema.*/ 
OmnitureWebServicePortType port = (OmnitureWebServicePortType) service.getOmnitureWebServicePort();
```

**Parent topic:** [Step 4: Update the Solution Files](c_Update_the_Solution_Files.md)

